 
Semantic without Reranking :
 "question": "Why did the payment service become slow, and what exact change fixed it?"

 "answer":The payment service didn't become slow, but rather, an order appeared as \"processing\" for several minutes
  after payment. The issue was caused by an asynchronous order-status worker that had temporarily stopped processing 
  messages. Restarting the worker restored normal status updates. There was no change made to the payment service 
  itself, as the investigation showed that the payment had completed successfully.


"question": How was Redis used specifically to solve repeated fraud-check requests?


  "answer": "Redis was used to store short-lived fraud-check responses for 90 seconds, so that repeated external requests for the same customer session could be avoided, thus decreasing the repeated external requests and returning payment latency to normal."


"question":Which Redis use case was related to payment latency rather than carts, sessions, or rate limiting? This"

answer : The Redis use case related to payment latency was storing short-lived fraud-check responses in Redis for 90 seconds to decrease repeated external requests to the fraud-detection provider, as described in Section 4: Payment Service Incident INC-7742.



"question":What happened in incident INC-7742?

  "answer": "I could not find that information."

  "question": Why did an order remain in processing even though payment succeeded?


  "answer": "The order remained in \"processing\" because an asynchronous order-status worker had temporarily stopped processing messages. Restarting the worker restored normal status updates."




"question":Which ticket involved duplicate notifications, and how was it fixed?
"answer": "The ticket that involved duplicate notifications was TKT-8822. It was fixed by adding idempotency checks before sending emails, which stopped the duplicate notifications from being sent. The issue was caused by a retry mechanism that submitted the same notification job more than once."

"question":Why did the shopping cart become empty after inactivity?
"answer": "The shopping cart became empty after inactivity because temporary cart records had reached their configured expiration time."



with Reranking : 
=============================
 "question": "Why did the payment service become slow, and what exact change fixed it?"

"answer":The payment service became slow because of repeated calls to an external fraud-detection provider. Every payment request triggered multiple identical fraud-check requests for the same customer session. \n\nThe exact change that fixed it was storing short-lived fraud-check responses in Redis for ninety seconds, which significantly decreased repeated external requests and returned payment latency to normal
 "question": How was Redis used specifically to solve repeated fraud-check requests?
{
  "answer": "Redis was used to store short-lived fraud-check responses for 90 seconds. This caching solution decreased repeated external requests to the fraud-detection provider, significantly reducing payment latency."
}



 "question": Which Redis use case was related to payment latency rather than carts, sessions, or rate limiting? This"
"answer": "The Redis use case related to payment latency was storing short-lived fraud-check responses in Redis for 90 seconds to reduce repeated external requests, as described in Section 4: Payment Service Incident INC-7742."


 "question": What happened in incident INC-7742?
 "answer": "In incident INC-7742, the payment-processing service experienced severe latency during evening traffic. The problem was caused by repeated calls to an external fraud-detection provider, where every payment request triggered multiple identical fraud-check requests for the same customer session. The team solved the incident by storing short-lived fraud-check responses in Redis for 90 seconds, which significantly decreased repeated external requests and returned payment latency to normal."


  "question": Why did an order remain in processing even though payment succeeded?   

  "answer": "The order remained in \"processing\" because an asynchronous order-status worker had temporarily stopped processing messages. Restarting the worker restored normal status updates.


   "question": Which ticket involved duplicate notifications, and how was it fixed?
   "answer": "The ticket that involved duplicate notifications was TKT-8822. It was fixed by adding idempotency checks before sending emails, which stopped the duplicate notifications from being sent. The issue was caused by a retry mechanism that submitted the same notification job more than once."

    "question": Why did the shopping cart become empty after inactivity?
   "answer": "The shopping cart became empty after inactivity because temporary cart records had reached their configured expiration time."
   